okay um have you ever wanted to get
minecraft John you know by it but you
thought it was a little bit expensive
and didn't have the money like I don't
well I'm going to tell you how to get it
either cheaper or for free now this is a
website called wish walney see right
there wish walls on me and on this
website you can get sorry on this
website you can wish for it you can
either buy it just buy it right off the
bat or wish for it so the way this works
is you want to wish for it and once it
hits just once a certain number amount
of people wish for this you'll get
notified on via email on your email and
they'll put it either thirty percent
fifty percent you know somewhere between
30 and seventy percent off and they'll
select a certain number of people and
get just give it to them for free now
it's not just for Minecraft it's free a
lot of different items and you you know
this is a pretty good website to get
things for less cheap for a lot cheaper
so my goal is to put this on youtube and
hopefully get more people wish for and
eventually to wear it so and eventually
they'll put it on a discount so that's
what I'm trying to do right now and
hopefully if you're watching this you'll
sign up for it remember which wall doubt
me hopefully you'll sign up for it and
you know wish for it and hopefully it'll
reach a certain number of it'll reach
enough wish your wishes so they'll put
it on a discount and if you're lucky
they'll just give it to you free so you
know this is a win-win situation so
there's no reason to not sign up for
this and I'll let you know on your email
when when they put it on a discount
so be sure to check your email on that
well and it's not sealing I searched up
minecraft and that wasn't the only thing
that popped up a lot of different stuff
from minecraft you want if you ever
wanted you know like a phone sore or
foam pickaxe right here or maybe a
creeper head or a Steve head this is
Steve it you can once they reach a
certain number of wishers they'll all be
on dis discounts or creeper yeah right
there posters though I don't see those
getting enough wishes but that's the
main thing I want you guys to wait i'm
hoping to get enough wishes for izzy
account itself right now it's at 478
wishers i think it has to reach around a
couple thousand i'm not exactly sure the
amount but once it reaches a certain
number you know to where they'll get
they'll look at it and decide to put it
on discount and I guess that's it
there's not really anything else to say
except you know help us out on help me
out on this you know feel if you log in
create account wish for it one by one
it'll get more and more and you know get
it on a discount or maybe I'll be lucky
and get it for free it's all I wanted to
say well i guess i'm going to close this
video now